Company logo for, Bitdefender.
Bitdefender


Sales Development Representative-Spain 

Spain · 2 weeks ago · Over 100 applicants

Promoted by hirer · No response insights available yet

Remote
Full-time

Easy Apply

Save
Your profile and resume match the required qualifications well



Show match details

BETA • Is this information helpful?


See how you compare to over 100 other applicants

Access exclusive applicant insights, see jobs where you have the highest chance of hearing back, and more.

Activate Premium for €0

About the job
Bitdefender is a cybersecurity leader delivering best-in-class threat prevention, detection, and response solutions worldwide. Guardian over millions of consumer, enterprise, and government environments, Bitdefender is one of the industry’s most trusted experts for eliminating threats, protecting privacy, digital identity and data, and enabling cyber resilience. With deep investments in research and development, Bitdefender Labs discovers hundreds of new threats each minute and validates billions of threat queries daily. The company has pioneered breakthrough innovations in antimalware, IoT security, behavioral analytics, and artificial intelligence and its technology is licensed by more than 180 of the world’s most recognized technology brands. Founded in 2001, Bitdefender has customers in 170+ countries with offices around the world. For more information, visit https://www.bitdefender.com

Bitdefender, the Cyber Security leader, is looking for an energetic and awesome person who is located in Spain to join the Sales Development team, headquartered in Bucharest, Romania.

As a Sales Development Representative you will have the opportunity to exercise your communication skills, by being on the phone all day, reaching out to potential new Business Customers and discuss about their Security needs and challenges, as well as how Bitdefender could help.

Which is why being outgoing and fluent in Spanish and English is the key element.

Responsibilities

 Work on inbound and outbound leads by phone and e-mail, to connect with decision makers from a wide variety of industries and raise interest in Bitdefender’s Services.
 Research, identify, and prospect for new customers using Sales Navigator and other tools.
 Get up-to-speed as quickly as possible on Bitdefender’s Security Products and Services, during an intensive onboarding, followed by self-guided trainings.
 Be able to handle an average of minimum 70+ outbound calls/day.
 Time management.
 Combine active listening and targeted questions to build interest with new prospects and qualify new opportunities, using the BANT method.
 Maintain an organised and transparent work process, keeping all progress in the CRM.

Requirements

 Fluency in both English and Spanish. Portuguese is a plus.
 Ambitious, positive attitude; desire for success!
 Customer-facing mindset, empathy.
 Strong communication and presentation skills (phone, e-mail).
 Fast learner.
 Organisational and strong time management skills.
 Adaptability to an ever-changing environment.
 Ability to become Independent and work with limited supervision.

Bonus

 IT Sales experience
 Salesforce experience

Previous similar experience or demonstrated "Hunter" personality/traits

Excellent Spanish Skills

Technical skills / technical tendency

Must be comfortable with working over the phone

The information regarding the protection of your private data is available here:

https://www.bitdefender.com/media/materials/gdpr/notice_gdpr_policy_bitdefender_candidates_eng.pdf
