Company logo for, GuardianPoint.
GuardianPoint


B2B Referral Partner (Lead Generator/Appointment Setter)

United States · 2 days ago · 0 applicants

No response insights available yet

Remote
Full-time

Easy Apply

Save
Job match summary not available

This job post doesn’t have enough information to generate a match summary.


See recent hiring trends for GuardianPoint

Access exclusive applicant insights, see jobs where you have the highest chance of hearing back, and more.

Activate Premium for €0

About the job
Employment Type: Independent Contractor (1099) – Commission / Referral Pay with opportunity to promote. Location: Remote (U.S. Based)
About Guardian Point, LLC:Guardian Point, LLC is a leading provider of merchant payment processing solutions specializing in Zero-Cost Cash Discount Programs and Dual Pricing Models. We empower retail, restaurant, and service businesses to eliminate 90%–100% of their credit card processing fees while providing top-tier POS equipment (Clover, Linga Self-Serve Kiosks, and wireless smart terminals).
Role Overview:As a Referral Partner, your focus is simple: Identify and introduce local business owners, we handle the closing. You don't need to close deals, conduct statement audits, or manage hardware setups. Your role is purely to surface warm opportunities and schedule brief introductions between business decision-makers and our closing team.Simply visit shops in your local area or talk to business owners you already know, inquire with the business owner if they enjoy their point of sale system, how much are they losing to their bottom line, and if they would be interested in hearing what our specialist would have to say by doing a free quick and easy 5 min statement audit for them.We put THOUSANDS back into the business owner's pockets, some can save 10's of thousands and others save upwards of over 100 thousand, every year.
Because this is a 1099, you have the freedom to work around your own schedule.
This is perfect for students, stay at home mothers, retired people looking for a side gig, and those who want to break into a new career!
We have opportunities to move into a full blown sales/closer position, in order to qualify for the promotion we ask for 5-10 good leads (meaning good information and at least 50% of them signing on) within your first 60 days.*Ask more about promotions, or look at our business's post about Promotions into a Sales Specialist*Compensation Structure
$500+ Per Converted Referral: Earn an upfront referral bonus for every merchant that signs and deploys a Guardian Point system. (Business must stay past trail period)
No Cap on Earnings: Submit as many qualified merchant introductions as you like.
Qualifications
Strong networking, communication, and interpersonal skills (desired).
Driven self-starter looking to build income on a flexible schedule.
Background in door-to-door sales, B2B networking, lead generation, or merchant services is a plus (but not required).
Must reside in the US, and/or be able to work in the United States.