Company logo for, Revolut.
Revolut


New Business Account Executive (Spanish Speaking) 

Spain · Reposted 1 week ago · Over 100 applicants

Promoted by hirer · Actively reviewing applicants

Remote
Full-time

Easy Apply

Save
Your profile and resume are missing some required qualifications



Show match details

BETA • Is this information helpful?


See how you compare to over 100 other applicants

Access exclusive applicant insights, see jobs where you have the highest chance of hearing back, and more.

Activate Premium for €0

People you can reach out to

School alumni from Universitat d'Alacant

Show all
Meet the hiring team


Julia Cisak 

• 3rd

Sourcer @ Revolut 🚀 | Sales | Fintech ✨ Passionate about communication and making things happen 🎀

Job poster

Message
About the job
About Revolut
People deserve more from their money. More visibility, more control, and more freedom. Since 2015, Revolut has been on a mission to deliver just that. Our powerhouse of products — including spending, saving, investing, exchanging, travelling, and more — help our 75+ million customers get more from their money every day.As we continue our lightning-fast growth, 2 things are essential to our success: our people and our culture. In recognition of our outstanding employee experience, we've been certified as a Great Place to Work™. So far, we have 13,000+ people working around the world, from our offices and remotely, to help us achieve our mission. And we're looking for more brilliant people. People who love building great products, redefining success, and turning the complexity of a chaotic world into the simplicity of a beautiful solution.
About the role
Our Sales team powers customer growth around the world. From prospecting to acquisition and activation, they own their market segments, solve complex problems, and help more customers discover the value of Revolut with a sharp, solution-oriented approach.We’re looking for an Account Executive to provide an excellent experience for our new business customers. You'll effectively identify opportunities, conduct outreach, and drive deals through the funnel, owning closing and end-to-end activation.Watch this video about being an Account Executive to better understand the role, responsibilities, and opportunities.If you’re a motivated individual who enjoys a challenge and acts with integrity at all times, we want to hear from you.
What you'll be doing
Outreaching prospects across multiple touch points and channels, with an emphasis on cold-calling
Developing and executing a robust lead-sourcing strategy by identifying key verticals, diversifying your prospects base, and maintaining consistent activity levels
Building and managing your own pipeline, from prospecting to closing and account management, maximising adoption and upsell/cross-sell opportunities
Liaising customer relationships with internal stakeholders to ensure a smooth experience, from getting started to daily usage
Being autonomous to effectively balance your time (prospect vs. close vs. upsell), activate internal resources, and engage your team
Using solution-based selling to understand customer needs and communicate the value proposition
Becoming a product expert on Revolut Business, its market positioning, and the solutions it offers, backed by relevant, compelling case studies

What you'll need
Fluency in English and Spanish
1+ years of demonstrable commercial experience, particularly in outbound sales and prospecting
Excellent communication skills and articulation over the phone
Impeccable literacy skills (email, LinkedIn outreach)
A keen interest in launching a career in a high-performing sales culture
Proven determination and accountability to succeed in a fast-paced environment
A willingness to contribute outside of core responsibilities to provide an optimal customer experience
Curiosity and an attitude of a quick data-oriented learner who thrives in a dynamic, collaborative environment
Effective time management and organisation skills to balance customer engagement, deal closing, and CRM administration

Nice to have
A degree in finance or a business-related subject
An entrepreneurial, problem-solving mindset
To be a deal closer with a positive, creative, and innovative attitude
Experience in a reputable startup
Impressive cross-functional project management skills
To be comfortable in a complex selling environment with the ability to communicate with decision makers at many levels
