Company logo for, Attentive.
Attentive


Sales Development Representative 

United States · Reposted 1 day ago · Over 100 applicants

Promoted by hirer · Actively reviewing applicants

Remote
Full-time

Easy Apply

Save
Job match summary not available

This job post doesn’t have enough information to generate a match summary.


See how you compare to over 100 other applicants

Access exclusive applicant insights, see jobs where you have the highest chance of hearing back, and more.

Activate Premium for €0

About the job
Attentive® is the AI marketing platform for 1:1 personalization redefining the way brands and people connect. We’re the only marketing platform that combines powerful technology with human expertise to build authentic customer relationships. By unifying SMS, RCS, email, and push notifications, our AI-powered personalization engine delivers bespoke experiences that drive performance, revenue, and loyalty through real-time behavioral insights.

Recognized as the #1 provider in SMS Marketing by G2, Attentive partners with more than 8,000 customers across 70+ industries. Leading global brands like Crate and Barrel, Urban Outfitters, and Carter’s work with us to enable billions of interactions that power tens of billions in revenue for our customers.

With a distributed global workforce and employee hubs in New York City, San Francisco, London, and Sydney, Attentive’s team has been consistently recognized for its performance and culture. We’re proud to be included in Deloitte’s Fast 500 (four years running!), LinkedIn’s Top Startups, Forbes’ Cloud 100 (five years running!), Inc.’s Best Workplaces, and the Human Rights Campaign Foundation's Corporate Equality Index!

While we don't have an immediate opening on our team today, we are growing quickly and always looking for exceptional talent. By applying to this Future Openings post, you are joining our proactive talent community. When a position opens up, our recruiting team will look here first.**

About The Role

We are looking for a Sales Development Representative to book meetings with brands we want to do business with. As the first line of communication with prospects, SDRs have a strong understanding of our sales process, excel at researching leads, facilitating new relationships, and setting our Account Executives up for success. You will coordinate cross-functionally with sales and marketing to bridge the gap between product and revenue.

This is a remote-friendly role with offices in New York and San Francisco. Candidates who live outside of the SF or NY areas can have the option to work out of any coworking space of their choice.

What You’ll Accomplish

Research and identify potential customers for our multi-product ai powered solution 
Send outreach via email and LinkedIn as well as make outbound calls to drive customer meetings for your Account Executive
Partner with C-Level and VP-level executives at leading companies
Learn and develop critical sales skills in the sales process like meeting preparation, follow-up and closing 
Ability to progress to an Account Executive role or other roles at the company

Your Expertise

Intelligent, curious and driven to succeed in a career in tech startups and sales
Hard-working and persistent, putting in the time before and after meetings to deliver great results
Motivated by metrics and uncapped commission 
Openness to coaching and training

You'll get competitive perks and benefits, from health & wellness to equity, to help you bring your best self to work.

For US Based Applicants

The US base salary range for this full-time position is $50,000 base/$75,000 total compensation + equity + benefits
Our salary ranges are determined by role, level and location

By applying for this position, your data will be processed as per Attentive's Privacy Policy.

Attentive Company Values

Default to Action - Move swiftly and with purpose

Be One Unstoppable Team - Rally as each other’s champions

Champion the Customer - Our success is defined by our customers' success

Act Like an Owner - Take responsibility for Attentive’s success

Learn more about AWAKE, Attentive’s collective of employee resource groups.

If you do not meet all the requirements listed here, we still encourage you to apply! No job description is perfect, and we may also have another opportunity that closely matches your skills and experience.

At Attentive, we know that our Company's strength lies in the diversity of our employees. Attentive is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities for all employees, applicants and covered individuals regardless of protected characteristics. We prioritize and maintain a fair, inclusive and equitable workplace free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation. Attentive is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities. If you need any assistance or reasonable accommodations, please let your recruiter know.