
Company logo for, Infratech Advisory.
Infratech Advisory


Associate - Technology Advisory (Datacenter)

Spain · 1 day ago · 36 applicants

Promoted by hirer · Actively reviewing applicants

Remote
Full-time

Easy Apply

Save
Your profile and resume match some required qualifications



Show match details

BETA • Is this information helpful?


See how you compare to 36 applicants

Access exclusive applicant insights, see jobs where you have the highest chance of hearing back, and more.

Activate Premium for €0

About the job
Associate - Technology Advisory (Datacenter)
Company OverviewInfratech Advisory, is a recently launched Technology Advisory boutique firm based in Valencia, Spain. Born out of the expertise of the founder, after having spent 8 years working as leading SME for a Leading Research and Technology Consulting firm. Expertise spans across digital infrastructure, including datacenters, Cloud services, Infrastructure carve-outs and migration, Corporate networking. Customers are Enterprises, Strategy Consulting Firms and Private Equity. IJoin us to gain hands-on experience in a fast-growing industry!Position TitleAssociate - Technology Advisory (Datacenter)LocationRemoteAbout the RoleWe are seeking a motivated Associate to join our Technology Advisory team, focusing on Digital Infrastructure. This role offers exposure to Datacenter Strategy, Infrastructure optimization, Infrastructure migration projects, Journey to Cloud. You will work closely with Founder to support projects delivery.Key Responsibilities
Conduct research on emerging trends in digital infrastructure and cloud technologies.
Collaborate on client presentations and technical documentation.
Qualifications
Currently enrolled in or recently graduated from a Bachelor’s/Master’s program in Business Administration, Computer Science, Engineering, IT, or a related field
Strong analytical skills and eagerness to learn technical concepts.
Proven Interest in Digital Infrastructure (e.g. Datacenters)
Proficiency in English and Spanish. Italian is a plus.
Familiarity with MS Office Suite (PowerPoint, Excel, Word)
Excellent communication and teamwork abilities.
What We Offer
Hands-on experience with cutting-edge digital infrastructure projects.
Mentorship from industry experts.
Flexible working hours and hybrid work options.
Opportunity to network with professionals and potentially secure a full-time role.
How to ApplyPlease submit your resume and a brief cover letter to ededom@infratech-advisory.com with the subject line "Associate - Technology Advisory Application". Applications close on October 31st, 2026.

Requirements added by the job poster

• Laurea triennale

