Company logo for, Confidential.
Confidential


Business Development Rep (Part Time / Remote) 

Florida, United States · 10 hours ago · 5 applicants

Promoted by hirer · No response insights available yet

Remote
Part-time

Easy Apply

Save
Your profile and resume are missing some required qualifications



Show match details

BETA • Is this information helpful?


See how you compare to 5 applicants

Access exclusive applicant insights, see jobs where you have the highest chance of hearing back, and more.

Activate Premium for €0

People you can reach out to
Meet the hiring team


Kawthar S Ahmed

• 3rd+

Human Resources Director at Confidential Careers

Message
Show all
About the job
Only Florida based candidates will be considered (Tampa, Fort Myers, Fort Lauderdale area preferred) 
Business Development / Inside Sales. 100% commission based with 100% flexibility.
This is a great opportunity to work from home and contribute to the growth of an organization.Think of it as inside sales (emails primarily) without the cubicle. Your job will be to help us find potential clients and introduce our services to them.
No mandatory hours, no required work schedule, no quota, no commute, and no mandated work parameters. All you need is your laptop, internet access, and a phone. Work on your own time if you've got a few hours to spare.
This is a great opportunity for a fresh grad or former sales or staffing professional who is looking to make some additional income on their own terms.
If you want additional training, we will help train you and get you up to speed on the materials you might need to be successful.
Requirements: 
Strong communication both written and verbal
Experience with Outlook for correspondence.
A professional approach to engaging with business professionals (B2B)
The ability to work independently and manage your own activities.
Ability to get past the 'No thanks' replies to get to that "Tell me more..."

Commission only - no benefits available. 1099.
Apply today to learn more!