Company logo for, Triple.
Triple


Account Executive 

Spain · Reposted 1 day ago · Over 100 applicants

Promoted by hirer · Actively reviewing applicants

Remote
Full-time

Easy Apply

Save
Your profile and resume are missing some required qualifications



Show match details

BETA • Is this information helpful?


See how you compare to over 100 other applicants

Access exclusive applicant insights, see jobs where you have the highest chance of hearing back, and more.

Activate Premium for €0

People you can reach out to

School alumni from Universitat d'Alacant

Show all
Meet the hiring team


Isabel Negro 

• 3rd

Making AI work in banking operations | Transaction data enrichment & AI-driven dispute management | Partnerships at Triple

Job poster

Message
About the job
Looking forAn ambitious and results-driven Account Executive for the Spanish market eager to make a significant impact on the future of finance. This role includes regular travel across North America for events and client meetings.
About TripleTriple is building the intelligence layer for financial services. Triple is building the intelligence layer for financial services. From our roots in merchant transaction data, we’ve expanded to solve one of the industry's biggest challenges: payment disputes. We are deploying AI agents to fully automate this for top-tier card issuers.With $10M in funding and a global footprint spanning over 60 banks and fintechs (including Airwallex, Qonto, and Trade Republic), we are a fast-moving, experienced team. Join us to help shape the future of banking operations.
What you will doAs a AE at Triple, you will play a pivotal role in identifying, structuring, and securing new deals with leading banks and fintechs. You will be responsible for:
Building strong relationships with decision-makers at key financial institutions
Travel for events and conferences
Executing strategic sales plans with precision
Identifying and evaluating potential opportunities with a keen eye for customer needs
Navigating cross-functional teams to ensure seamless implementations and successful partnerships
Exceeding Sales team KPIs and contributing to the company's overall growth trajectory

What you need
3-4 years of experience in B2B sales
Proficiency in English
Proven track record of success in closing deals with enterprises and corporates
Excellent communication and networking skills to build rapport and influence decision-makers
Strong business acumen and the ability to articulate the value proposition of Triple's solutions
Expertise in the banking/fintech industry is a plus

Conditions100% remote. Competitive salary, and equity. We are an AI-native company: every engineer here works with coding agents daily, and you will have the AI tools you need without usage limits. We build client-led, which means you will sit close to the banks using what you ship. Travel to client sites as needed. The chance to shape how the world's largest banks run operations with AI.
Join Triple and help us build the intelligence platform for banking operations.Please kindly apply through LinkedIn.