Company logo for, Grupo Temporing.
Grupo Temporing


Renewals Representative

Spain · 3 days ago · 53 applicants

Promoted by hirer · Actively reviewing applicants

34.3K EUR/yr
Remote
Full-time

Easy Apply

Save
Your profile and resume match some required qualifications



Show match details

BETA • Is this information helpful?


See how you compare to 53 applicants

Access exclusive applicant insights, see jobs where you have the highest chance of hearing back, and more.

Activate Premium for €0

People you can reach out to

School alumni from Universitat d'Alacant

Show all
Meet the hiring team


Cristina Ubeda Ruiz

• 3rd+

Consultora de RRHH

Job poster

Message
About the job
From Temporing we are looking for a Renewals Representative for an important software company located in Barcelona.
Responsabilities:
Execute End-to-End Renewal Motions: Own and streamline renewal workflows, minimizing manual effort and ensuring timely execution.
Close Renewals: Protect the existing customer base by closing renewals accurately and efficiently.
Drive and Close Seat Expansions: Sell additional seats to existing buyers at time of renewals, leveraging playbooks and cross-functional strategies.
Monitor Auto-Renewal Status: Track and intervene when auto-renewals are disabled to prevent churn.
Customer Procurement Interaction: Collaborate with procurement teams to ensure smooth renewal execution.
Provide Feedback: Share insights into products and packaging based on customer interactions.

Requirements:
Experience dealing with B2B clients.
Technical Proficiency: Use CRM and renewal tracking systems to automate workflows, analyze data, and flag exceptions.
Languages: Fluent English required, other European languages would be a plus.

We offer:
You will have the opportunity to join a company which is in a growing phase and are continuously looking for new candidates.
We offer a 4-month contract
Working shift from 9 to 18h. from Monday to Friday.
Remote work. You need to be in Spain.
Gross anual salary: 34.000€


Requirements added by the job poster

• Authorized to work in España
