Company logo for, 8x8.
8x8


Sales Development Representative 

United States · Reposted 1 day ago · 39 applicants

Promoted by hirer · No response insights available yet

Remote
Full-time

Easy Apply

Save
Your profile and resume match some required qualifications



Show match details

BETA • Is this information helpful?


See how you compare to 39 applicants

Access exclusive applicant insights, see jobs where you have the highest chance of hearing back, and more.

Activate Premium for €0

About the job
8x8 connects our customers and teams globally, empowering CX leaders with performance and insights to make smarter decisions, delight customers, and drive lasting business impact.

We are seeking tenacious Sales Development Representatives. In this role you will identify and generate sales opportunities through both inbound and outbound calling activities. This is a high-energy position that requires a relentless drive, an unyielding desire to continually get better and a hunter mentality. The right candidates will works well under pressure, think out-of-the-box, initiate relaxed and effective phone conversations with prospects, and are motivated overachievers. We seek individuals who are positive, enthusiastic, results-driven, are coachable and want a career in Hi-Tech sales.

You will maintain a thorough understanding of 8x8s offerings, our value, industry knowledge including competitive landscape, customers pain points and needs in order to properly position 8x8 solutions and qualify opportunities. You will be provided extensive formal training, weekly ongoing training, and have the opportunity to be closely mentored and professionally developed by ADR Leadership, Sales Executives and more seasoned sales professionals.

Responsibilities

Meet/exceed Sales Accepted and Sales Qualified Leads (SAL&SQL) goals on a monthly basis

Meet/exceed Key Performance Indicator (KPI) Metrics for Weekly Prospecting Activities

Qualify inbound prospects to the correct agreed upon criteria with the sales organization

Outbound prospecting to drive opportunities with named accounts Host Hand-off calls/video meetings involving prospects, Account Executives, Solution Consultants

Qualifications

Proven experience leveraging AI-enabled tools to enhance efficiency, problem-solving, and collaboration.

1-2 years of sales or account development related experience (preferred)

SaaS industry experience (preferred). Experience with commission sales in any industry will be entertained

Bachelors degree

Fearlessness - willing to hop on the phone with new people every single day

Drive, Grit, Scrappiness: strong desire to compete and win

Exceptional phone presence and demonstrated ability to handle rejection

Demonstrated ability to explain complex issues clearly

Ability to articulate 8x8 value specific to prospect pain points

Excellent communication & interpersonal skills

Great writer, speaker, and listener of the English language

Strong organizational skills with the ability to multi-task and set priorities

Ability to work in a high energy, fast paced, and collaborative team environment

The compensation range reflects the Company’s good faith belief at the time of posting. 8x8 has different base pay ranges for different work locations within the United States, which allows us to pay employees competitively and consistently in different geographic markets. The range above reflects the potential base pay across the U.S. for this role; the applicable base pay range will depend on what ultimately is determined to be the candidate’s primary work location. Further, individual base pay depends on various factors, in addition to primary work location, such as complexity and responsibility of role, job duties/requirements, and relevant experience, knowledge, success, education and skills. Base pay ranges are reviewed and typically updated each year. Offers are made within the base pay range applicable at the time. Certain roles are eligible for additional rewards, including discretionary merit increases, bonus and/or stock. Certain roles have the opportunity to earn sales variable compensation incentives based on the terms of the plan and the employee’s role.

Salary Ranges

$90,000.00 - $135,000.00

8x8 is proud to provide equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics.

For 8x8 jobs located in the US: 8x8 participates in the E-Verify program.

View the Participant Poster in English and Español.

View the Right to Work Poster in English and Español.

We also provide reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities in accordance with applicable laws. Learn more or email us at careers@8x8.com (Include “Reasonable Accommodation” in the subject line)

Our Job Applicant Privacy Notice can be found here.

Learn more on our company website at www.8x8.com follow our pages on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.